Q. Is the map multiplayer compatible?
A. Absolutely! The map even provides different translation strings based on player count so languages can properly pluralize them.

Q. How do I scan furniture?
A. 1. Use the Gameboy Horror, and choose the scan furniture option.
   2. Look at the furniture you want to scan (don't be too close to entities to scan them)
   3. Use the Gameboy Horror again.
You cannot scan until you've gotten the Gameboy Horror part installed if you use the 3DS Remake add-on.
Additionally, there's a map setting (which can be opened via the Gameboy Horror menu) to double-use the Gameboy Horror to go to an option directly, without needing to open chat. This is set to scan by default.

Q. Can I zoom in on the map?
A. No, this is functionality I haven't added (yet). Only a "focus point" being triggered zooms the map in and out.

Q. How do you deal the most damage to a ghost?
A. Move away from the ghost quickly and rapidly; just tapping to move backwards should suffice. Don't worry about walls, you'll be kept away from them a little bit so you can still move.
Do note, that the player doesn't immediately stop moving when letting go of the controls for moving, so keep a LITTLE bit of delay for the best results.
For Boos, they always get the same damage per second, regardless of what you do, but you can stall their fleeing by stopping the vacuum for a moment, retriggering their panic animation.

Q. Why do the ghosts escape randomly from the Poltergust?
A. They don't, there's a few reasons they may have escaped: 
   1. You got (non-pulling) damage.
   2. You didn't move away from the ghost while vacuuming for a total of 10 times.
   3. You moved beyond 7 blocks of distance away from the ghost (so it is out of poltergust reach).
   3. The ghost entered a second flee state which forces an escape after 2.5 seconds.

Q. Can I disregard current data somehow?
A. Of course, just talk to E. Gadd to load your old data.

Q. How do I make grabbing ghosts let go?
A. Walk in different directions as quickly as possible. Spooky, harmful grabbing ghosts and being frozen will also decrease in duration when doing this.

Q. I can't find one of the Boos!
A. Go past every room and see if the Gameboy Horror reacts (remember, Boos can only be found in lit rooms). If no room has the Gameboy Horror reacting, make a bug report and provide the file "data/command_storage_luigis_mansion.dat" so it can be investigated.

Q. I installed the 3DS Remake add-on, but I can't do portrait battles!
A. The portrait battle list only exists once the add-on is installed, the mansions you defeated the portrait ghost in before you installed it won't save the data for something that doesn't exist.

Q. Why can't I trigger the objective for a choice?
A. 1. (Dialog) The dialog needs to be active to react, if you stop the dialog, the option will get disabled. 
   2. (Gameboy Horror) Keep the Gameboy Horror selected, deselecting is an indication for being done with the item.
   3. (Gallery) You can only react to one gallery object at a time.
   4. (Gooigi) Gooigi cannot speak, other players will have to react.

Q. Can I turn off the opening of the Gameboy Horror map when collecting a key?
A. Yes, go to the map settings (via Gameboy Horror) and click the option to change it.

Q. Is this feature missing?
A. Maybe. If you can see something is definitely missing, feel free to make a bug report.

Q. How did you do this thing?
A. The entire map and its add-ons are on github, if you wish to understand how I did something, feel free to browse through the functions. If you need further help understanding it, I could explain it if you ask. (Make a discussion topic for this, not a bug report.)

Q. Why is my movement not registering properly?
A. Rapid teleportation is the only way to pull some things off, but it comes at a cost. This cannot be fixed in the map, and is actually a minecraft bug: https://bugs.mojang.com/browse/MC-197855

Q. Why did my call with E. Gadd end so suddenly?
A. You hang up on E. Gadd if you deselect the Gameboy Horror. The first person to grab the Gameboy Horror is the only one who can hang up.

Q. Why does the vanilla training room program mention rapidly moving backwards, but the 3DS Remake one not?
A. The corresponding line in the game ("Tilt the Control Stick in the opposite direction quickly and repeatedly for the best results!") doesn't exist in a similar fashion in the 3DS Remake.

Q. Why doesn't the room clear? No ghost is appearing.
A. 1. You may need to figure out a puzzle before the ghosts appear.
   2. It may be you're standing in the exact spot the ghost wants to appear in, making you prevent its appearing.
   3. Make sure to be close to and have your back to every place at least twice, ghosts move around the room a few seconds after they vanish.

Q. Why are the rooms so high? 
A. The rooms are horizontally a bit bigger than in the original game, compared to Luigi; the rooms were made taller to make it not look as stretched.

Q. Where did the mansion go?
A. As E. Gadd tells you, it vanished in the night. If you wish to enter the mansion, talk to E. Gadd in the lab again.

Q. I got lost in the Boo Woods!
A. ... Not very clever... The Boo woods are generated automatically in new chunks. They're endless. To find your way back, head to X=770 Z=8 to find the mansion's front gate.

Q. How do I unlock amiibos from the 3DS Remake and other add-ons?
A. The amiibos are unlocked as you clear the trophy tasks.

Q. Where's the chef ghost in the original mansion?
A. He's not added; nothing is known for sure about him, except his visuals from one grainy image. Everything else is speculation or theories. There's simply not enough known to add him.

Q. How can I catch Spooky and Miss. Petunia in the original mansion.
A. You don't, they never show their hearts.

Q. The trailer shows the player sneaking while catching a ghost, why?
A. Prior to v2.0, the rapid damage was done by switching between sneaking and standing, rather than rapidly moving back and stopping.